all right I'm back friends talking there
anyways now you can go ahead and click
on this guy and try to figure out a
little bit of a landmark right there I'm
gonna put it right there right across
from the e now take this bring that out
to right where you crossed it and drag
that 90 degrees and that is going to be
pretty much his minimum view distance or
maximum view distance so if you're
outside of that you can stay on the
surface no problem
all right and he is now crossing so
we'll switch on over to our optics you
can see him off there in the distance
just barely I actually don't know if you
guys can but I can and that's really
what's important when I'm the one who's
shooting so now you just wait you can
spot little landmarks on the ship if you
want mm-hmm
fire when those cross your central wire
right here so that's exactly what we're
going to do I don't know if you can see
but just in an attempt to show off the
accuracy of this method I'm going to
fire first at his forward mast then at
what looks like the bridge then his rear
mast which is close to his smokestack
and should be a lethal hit if the other
two already
he's coming up now on to the cross wire
so I'll go ahead and crier switch the
next two
fire switch so next to and
I'm going to let us track these and just
hope which you guys should all be doing
right now then I get the head
oh look at that that is getting
nerve-racking lacrosse
all those are hits all right let's go to
well now we're going to third person
maybe I should repair this boom first
hit that's a big head I think died with
the first torpedo
second torpedo here
so
you can tell actually that the torpedo
hit exactly where the first mast was
that's where the hole is right
underneath the first mass that's a
direct hit exactly or a second torpedo
hit him right in the middle third
torpedo he had already stopped and
started breaking up but since he stopped
he broke up directly in front of me that
torpedo also if you kept going
I gotta wonder what that dude was
hauling anyways thank you guys for
watching
dick okay and method
sub simcom which encourage you guys to
check out if you haven't already I'll
see you guys later